He's clean.
- See? Just out for a stroll.
- A stroll?
It is sad the way you guys
are harassing an innocent man.
Officer Nolan. are you familiar
with the Crack Almanac?
- Is it available on Kindle?
- Four basic principles.
Look out. cook out.
cash out. stash out.
Cook out.
cook cocaine into crack.
- Look out?
- For the cops.
You really could stand
to work on that one.
Stash out. You wanna
stash the rocks nearby.
So if the cops catch you.
you're clean.
- So. you want me to...
- Yup.
Of course.
Oh. God. Oh. that stinks!
See. I don't even...
- Goat.
- Okay. You know what?
Maybe D'Andre really is
just out for a stroll.
Ah. but there is still
one principle left.
Officer Nolan...
cash out.
See. a real good hustler.
only wants to be seen
on his corner doing business.
Which means. if D'Andre is here.
so is his money.
- That's not mine.
- You sure?
'Cause it looks like
a couple thousand here.
Can I see that remote?
I got Henry this same model
for Christmas.
- Cash out and stash out.
- Stroll's over.
- Turn around. put your hands...
- Left. left...
- behind your back.
- Pull up. pull up. pull up.
Sorry!
Yo. I need a break.
I can't believe we don't get
a single vacation
or personal day
during our entire
probationary year.
It's how we prove
our commitment.
Wearing wool in August
isn't enough?
- Why are you so cheery?
- I'm just livin' my best life.
Jessica!
No.
Yeah. okay. a little. Yes.
- Yes. Yeah. a little.
- Yeah.
That's great. you...
you seem really happy.
- Thank you.
- Uh. we should do a double date.
I'd love for you to meet Gino.
Sounds great.
but she's out of town right now.
She's doing a lecture
at the Department
of Homeland Security.
Can I have your attention?
- Let's go. Boots.
- Everyone. gather up.
All right. guys. listen up.
Internal Affairs
will be conducting
random integrity tests
this week.
- Reversals.
- That's right. Officer West.
What's a reversal?
Where cops go undercover
to rat out other cops.
IA officers will be
spending the week
pretending to be criminals.
so they can analyze
how we treat them.
So. what Tim said.
Do you think this is a joke.
Officer Lopez. Officer Bradford?
- No. ma'am.
Good.
'Cause I take it very seriously.
If you have to change
your behavior
because of these reversals.
we have a problem.
My officers do things
the right way. every day.
Is that understood?
Yes. ma'am.
Dismissed.
Are reversals
really that hard to spot?
I mean. you can usually make
a cop by the way they walk.
Not these guys.
They train for this.
And it's like the Super Bowl
to them. They go all-in.
About two years ago.
they took over a bank
and masqueraded as robbers
just to test our response time.
They cleared the bank out first.
Every teller and customer
was a plant.
- That's dedicated.
- No. it's a waste of time
and resources. which is why
I make it my mission
to seek and destroy reversals.
I don't see
what the fuss is about.
A cop should be held
to the highest standards.
Of course you side with IA.
Your dad's in charge.
Okay. it's not about my dad.
- The integrity of a co...
- Hey.
- Good morning.
- Here to see a client?
Yeah.
I won't keep you.
Did you guys break up?
No. We had a few dates.
then we stopped.
Sounds like a breakup to me.
- What happened?
- Nothing. It's fine. Let's go.
- Okay.
- Seven-Adam-15.
disturbance
at the Altobello Hotel.
You're saying this is my fault?
You're damn right
it's your fault!
Do you have any idea
how much my car costs?
Please. ma'am.
If we could take this inside.
What seems to be the problem
here?
Valet destroyed my car.
- That car?
- Yeah. look. the paint job.
Right there.
That scratch
will buff right out.
You're lying. He's lying!
This is a civil matter.
Feel free to take photographs
and send it in
for an insurance claim.
You mean
you're not gonna arrest him?
- There's no crime here. ma'am.
- Oh. like hell there isn't.
I know you did it
on purpose. too!
'Cause I caught you staring
at my ass
when I gave you the car.
I see nicer asses
on the regulars.
- No!
- Hey. hey. hey. let go!
Drop that knife!
- Oh!
- Let go of me!
Sorry. Sorry about that. Oh.
Sorry about that.
I didn't mean
for that to happen.
Yeah. right.
Is that how you get off?
You handcuff hot girls
and rip off their clothes?
No. ma'am.
I'm just saying. cops don't have
the best reputation right now.
And if these tests help
the public trust us.
isn't it worth it?
And how are we supposed
to trust each other.
if our fellow officers
are trying to trick us
into screwing up?
I ask myself that every day.
That's different.
I do it to make you
a better cop. not betray you.
- You're. uh...
- Yes.
It's me.
- License and registration?
- Yes. sir.
I'm so sorry.
I can't believe I did that.
I... I've never run a stop sign
before.
I watch you on the red carpet.
Like. all the time.
It's always nice to meet a fan.
Officer. is there any way
you could let me slide
on this one
or just let me off with a...
with a stern warning?
It's just that
I'm really late right now
and I got a lot of people
- waiting for me on set.
- You ran a stop sign.
- We could arrest you for it.
- Arrest me? Come on.
It's a nice. quiet street.
There's no harm done.
You know.
I could get you tickets
to any big movie premiere
you'd like.
Or is there a particular star
- you ever wanted to meet?
- Okay. sir.
bribery of a public officer
is in violation of co...
What?
Oh. you gotta be kidding me.
- Murphy.
- Officer Bradford.
Nice touch.
roping in a celebrity.
Well. he had community service
hours to work off.
You thought we'd let him go
'cause he's famous?
Had I known it was you.
I would've put a strung-out cop
behind the wheel.
I know you have a soft spot.
Hey. excuse me.
does that mean I can go?
Write him up!
Reckless driving.
Giving false information
to a police officer.
Disobedience to traffic signs.
Unlawful act
with a green air sticker.
Driving with an obstructed view.
Unnecessary use of horn.
Failure to exercise caution
when passing animals.
Wha... Is he serious?
What if she's one
of the reversals?
It's not your fault
her tacky dress broke
when she tried to stab a guy.
If she's IA. she'll report
you used reasonable force
given the threat.
You think it's possible
that the dress was designed
to fail on contact?
You know. like.
those break-away pants?
I'm gonna go
finish the paperwork.
Thanks. you guys.
Right this way.
Please. believe me.
I did not mean
to expose you like that.
The woman with the phone.
I spoke to her.
She was very reasonable.
I watched her delete
all the footage.
You have no idea who I am.
do you?
You are Astrid Heisserer.
Uh. no priors.
no outstanding warrants.
What's your name?
- John Nolan.
- Badge number.
25253.
If you wanna lodge a complaint.
that is your right.
Oh. I'm gonna lodge something.
believe me.
Yo. that's messed up.
You went through Wesley's phone?
I thought he was cheating on me.
Cheating. you guys
only went on a few dates.
- I knew you wouldn't understand.
- No. I understand.
I just don't approve.
And I understand
that's not the tone
to take with a T.O..
- so. I take it back.
- Good.
Except the "That's messed up"
part. That I stand by.
How much you wanna bet
it's a reversal?
That's pretty convincing
drunk-driving.
Twenty. it's legit.
Driver. pull over now!
Unless IA's recruiting
out of grade school.
I just made 20 bucks.
Are you okay?
- Good. Get out.
- I can't.
I have to get her
to the hospital.
- She's dying.
- Lopez.
My sister OD'd.
Please. help her.
She's barely breathing!
Control. start RA
to our location.
Female. 20s. overdose.
- Do you know what she took?
- No. I'm sorry.
- Pupils are pinpoints.
- It's okay.
It's probably heroin.
Get the NARCAN.
Come on. stay with us.
Here you go.
All right. step back.
Your sister's gonna be okay.
This stuff will wake
her right up. all right?
It'll wake her right up.
Come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
- Come on.
Come on.
You got her help.
You saved her.
It's all right. just breathe.
Seven-Adam-19.
459 in progress. 117 Ayers.
Police! We're coming in!
- Mushrooms?
- Hallucinogens.
This is a grow house.
Careful. these places
are usually booby trapped.
Oh. my God.
See? Booby trapped.
Please.
just get this thing off of me.
I...
I don't think we should.
He could've severed an artery.
The paramedics will know
what to do.
No. no. no. we don't need
to call anybody else.
There's half a million dollars'
worth of mushrooms in here.
We split it.
you pretend you never saw me.
Everybody wins.
Okay.
- What?
- Really?
Yeah. But I want 60 percent.
So. call Detective Murphy
and ask her if that's okay
with Internal Affairs.
- Who?
- Wait.
you think
this is another reversal?
- Two in two hours?
- That's how they do it.
They try and catch you
when your guard is down.
- What are you talking about?
- Look I've got to say.
this is impressive FX work.
But we are in Hollywood.
So. how'd you do it. hmm?
Metal plates? Peg leg?
Wait. Wait.
What are you doing?
- What are you doing?
- Calling your bluff.
Seven-Adam-19.
we need an RA to 117 Ayers.
Thirty-year-old male.
severe trauma to left leg.
You're lucky
his leg's gonna be okay.
If Murphy hadn't gotten
in my head.
that never would've happened.
Blame the reversals. not me.
What happened between you two?
Did she investigate you
or something?
Indirectly.
Is it Isabel?
Look. Murphy
was her investigating officer.
Okay. but you're not Isabel.
so what's her beef with you?
Not your concern.
Start the paperwork.
- Everything okay?
- Yes. ma'am.
Uh. we had a reversal.
But Officer Bradford
- saw right through it. so...
- I heard.
IA is stepping up their game
using celebrities.
- Yeah.
- Stay vigilant.
Hmm.
I wanted to say.
I really appreciated
what you said earlier today.
about cops doing
the right thing every day.
Is that because
you're seeing evidence
of officers acting otherwise?
No.
- Not at all. I... I was just...
- Relax. Officer Chen.
I'm not gonna ask you
to narc on anyone.
But part of protecting
and serving...
is making sure you refuse to do
anything that crosses a line.
So. if anybody is asking you
to do so.
I expect you to come talk to me.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Okay.
Tell me.
how's that new apartment
working out?
Oh! Uh. it's great.
It's in a quiet neighborhood.
There's lots of coffee shops
and people walking around.
Ah.
Comics?
Yeah. uh. I found it
in the lost and found.
And by lost and found.
I mean my locker.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
- So. what happens now?
- I... Your sister. she's...
she's stable.
And no reason why she can't make
a full recovery.
Then it's up to her.
But ODs have a way of uh...
putting things into perspective.
My mom OD'd three times
before she died.
Each time she swore
she was gonna get clean.
Cassie and I found her
when we went down for breakfast.
- She was blue.
- Yeah.
- You can't lose hope.
- That's what everyone says.
- 'Cause it's true. Jake.
Social Services is on their way
to get you placed somewhere safe
while your sister gets the help
she needs.
- Okay?
- Sure.
I'll be right back.
Hey. Hold up. Can we talk?
Okay.
I need to explain something.
My dad left when I was a kid.
and my mom never really got
past it.
There was no one stable growing
up in my life. so...
I guess what I'm trying to say
is I think that's the reason
why I... I...
I went through your phone.
- You sound like my clients.
- What?
Everybody's dad bailed.
No one's mom was perfect.
- Doesn't change what you did.
- No. I know. but...
You're a grown woman.
So having a bad childhood.
isn't a valid excuse anymore.
Look. I wish I could trust you
again. but...
I don't see how I can.
I'm sorry.
Tim was so convinced
we caught another reversal.
he pried open the bear trap.
I've never seen someone actually
pass out from pain before.
That's tough.
But not as bad
as the helplessness
in that kid's eyes.
What about you?
Good day? Bad day?
I had to pry a psycho off
a valet at a five-star hotel.
Uh. her dress ripped
as I was cuffing her.
exposing her unmentionables.
Boy. she was pissed.
- Wow.
- What?
That was for sure a reversal.
Yeah. dress was probably rigged.
like break-away pants.
- Mm-hmm.
- That's what I thought!
- Yeah?
- Oh.
Okay. I see what you're doing.
Can I get that to go. please?
No. come on! Don't be like that!
No. as much as I would love
to keep telling war stories...
Thank you. Dez.
I have another full day
of reversals tomorrow.
and this rookie
needs his beauty sleep.
Hey.
So. they canvassed the area.
No one saw the shooter.
He fired
a couple hundred rounds.
Yeah. no one's admitting
they saw him.
Yeah. patrol found the car
he escaped in.
It was reported stolen
this afternoon.
- SID is all over it.
- Who'd you piss off?
Clearly someone with access
to heavy weaponry.
I didn't recognize the guy.
According to intelligence.
you've been green-lit
by Southern Front.
- Green-lit?
- Means they put a hit on you.
How's a rookie get green-lit
before me?
- I gotta step up my game.
- It's not a badge of honor.
Violent white supremacist gang
wants you dead.
- you're doing something right.
- I... I'm sorry.
White supremacy gang
and green-lit. w... what?
What the hell is going on?
Normally.
gangs don't target cops.
more trouble than it's worth.
Unless a cop disrespects
a gang member.
- then all bets are off.
- You arrested a woman today.
Astrid Heisserer.
Her dress broke.
I... I embarrassed her.
I thought she was IA.
She's not.
She's the baby mama
of the leader of Southern Front.
one of the most violent
criminal enterprises
in the country.
And because
of how you treated her.
he authorized everyone
in the gang to kill you.
- What about Talia?
- Yeah. what about me?
Nolan is the one
who put hands on her.
- He's the one they're after.
- How many Southern Front members
are there?
In the greater Los Angeles area?
- Several thousand.
- And protecting you will be
our number-one priority.
Step one is to get you
off the streets.
Come with me. Nolan.
I'm gonna escort you home.
K9 unit already swept
the property.
- Owner coming home tonight?
- Uh. no.
Ben left for New York yesterday.
So. what's happening here?
The DA approved a VARDA alarm.
It bypasses 911.
sends a red alert
to all the cops in the area.
So. what's next?
That's up to you.
I mean.
I can't just go to work. right?
I'd be endangering everyone
who came within five feet of me.
Being a cop is being at risk.
So you're saying
I should just...
report for duty.
act like nothing happened?
I think we tell criminals
what to do.
not the other way around.
- No matter the consequences?
- No matter the consequences.
But. look. it's up to you.
No one is gonna judge you.
either way.
- Yeah. right.
- Nolan.
This isn't about bravery.
You have a family.
Any cop who's ever worn a badge
understands that.
All set. Captain.
Okay.
It seems the system is up
and armed.
We have a unit parked out front.
Try to get some sleep.
- Don't see that happening.
- No.
- Thank you.
- Have a good night.
- Hey. What are you doing here?
- Guard duty.
- I think we have that covered.
- Now. it's extra covered.
You call me directly.
if anything happens.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Mm-hmm.
Okay.
West and Chen.
reporting for duty.
Guys. this is very sweet.
But honestly. it's unnecessary.
You'd do the same for us.
So. how do you want to do this?
Personally. I'd go
with alternating two-hour shifts
with a static position.
plus a rover.
Oh. and I have earpieces.
and walkies.
just so we can keep
in constant contact.
- You got anything sweet?
- Yeah.
- I think there's some ice cream.
- Mm.
Wait. guys. Guys!
Look. come on.
We need to stay focused.
You know. the whole point
of guard duty
is that we take turns being up.
- so everyone gets some sleep.
- You could've left any time.
Yup.
No one would've given you grief.
- Yeah. right.
- Oh.
We got to get to the station.
Our shift starts soon.
- I should go in.
- What. to work?
Absolutely not.
You're safest right here.
We'll manage without you
for a few weeks at work.
What if it's longer than that?
My training would be
put on hold. I'd...
stay a rookie
while you guys moved up.
We'd be separated.
That's never gonna happen.
This. uh...
This'll all be over soon.
- Yeah.
- And if it's not?
Then it's good you have a pool.
Sorry. everyone. settle down.
- Captain.
- Thank you for coming in.
Most of you on your day off.
Till this is resolved.
all overtime limits
have been lifted.
As you may know.
Southern Front originated
as a white supremacist
prison gang.
about 15 years ago.
Since then.
they have branched out
in a big way.
Drugs. prostitution. extortion.
But what sets them apart.
is their access
to military weapons.
Their leader.
the so-called King Midas.
is currently serving three
consecutive life sentences.
His son. Cole. he controls
the day-to-day operations
on the street.
But make no mistake. his father
is pulling the strings.
Lifting the green light would be
a huge loss of face for Cole.
So he's not
gonna do it willingly.
So we gotta make
this a business decision.
We put a big enough hurt
on their operation.
they'll lift the green light.
Sorry. I'm late.
Yesterday. Southern Front
tried to kill one of our own.
Today. we hit back.
- What?
- Nothing.
Look. everyone else
sees this big hero move.
but I see your ego
getting in the way
of you doing the smart thing.
Look.
If you don't wanna ride
with me...
It's not about my safety.
It's about yours.
You're risking your life
to prove a point.
Seems worth it to me.
if you're making
the right point.
But there's no sense
in taking a needless risk.
Which is why Officer Nolan
will be staying far away
from anything
Southern Front related.
And I'll be riding with him.
Whether I agree
with his decision or not.
he's my rookie.
And I'll take good care of him.
Yes. ma'am.
Riding with the captain.
And I thought. being green-lit
was scary.
- I drive.
- Of course.
Officer Nolan.
- Keys.
- Yes.
How exactly
are we hurting Midas' operation?
By attacking Southern Front
where they make all their money.
the three Ts.
Drug trafficking...
Weapons trafficking...
And sex trafficking.
I'll handle processing.
You get started
on the asset paperwork.
I still don't see how
confiscating 20 gallons of lube
is gonna get the gang
to back off Nolan.
Asset forfeiture is where
we do the most damage today.
Law says we can seize everything
and anything connected
to their illegal operation.
Vehicles. merchandise.
even the massage parlor.
Well. so.
why didn't we hit it last week?
Vice knew that Southern Front
owned that shop.
'Cause it's whack-a-mole.
You take out
one criminal enterprise.
another one takes its place.
Usually. not a good use
of our time.
But today.
that's exactly what we want.
Make sure Southern Front's
scared one of their competitors
- is about to move in...
- Don't touch me.
You gotta be kidding me.
What the hell
are you doing here?
My job. making sure cops
don't break the law.
One of our officers
was green-lit.
Came within seconds
of being killed.
When do you think that a cop's
most likely to cross the line?
When they're scared. angry.
and want revenge.
They might. I don't know.
yell at a detective.
How about I write you up
for conduct unbecoming
an officer?
Knock yourself out.
This is about Isabel
and you know it.
You know it is about Isabel.
It's about the fact
that you covered for her
for months.
- That's not true.
- Oh. please.
Any cop can tell an addict
ten miles out.
You knew she was using.
and you let her come to work
every day with a loaded gun.
You had an obligation
to report her and you didn't.
Okay. that's a lie.
But I'd expect nothing less
- from a cop like you.
- Uh. hey. I need you
to come check something for me.
I wanna make sure I'm doing it
by the book. okay? So. come on.
Hey. you know what?
If I were you.
I'd ask for another T.O.
Yeah. well.
you're not me. ma'am.
I was told
there was a cop coming
with the authority to negotiate.
Cut the crap. Only color
you care about is green.
And the LAPD has taken a lot
of that from you today.
Now.
if you wanna stop the bleeding.
sit your ass down.
Look.
I reviewed the body cam footage.
That girl tried to stab a guy
right in front of my officer.
He used minimal force
to stop her.
no disrespect was intended
or shown.
Your son is overreacting.
and I don't think
it's his first time.
It's time for the adults
to de-escalate matters.
- You been in the game long?
- Almost 20 years.
Then you know
I can't just rescind
the green light.
It's gotta come from Cole.
Any other way.
my guys don't respect him.
Yeah. Sucks to be you.
Let me be clear.
I'm not here to negotiate.
We cost you a million
in lost revenue.
and three in seized assets.
And we're just getting started.
None of that matters
without honor.
You're way out on a ledge.
Midas.
In half a day. we shut down
seven of your businesses.
Put 46 of your men behind bars.
and just imagine the damage
we can do tomorrow.
when we start hitting your spots
in San Diego.
San Jose. Victorville.
I can keep going.
Your son.
is about to destroy everything
you built.
because his girlfriend
yelled at him.
Do the right thing.
call off the green light.
Seven-Adam-15.
possible 459 in progress.
1936 Crystal Lane.
Seven-Adam-15.
show us responding.
I hate this.
Feels like everyone's fighting
my battle for me.
City still needs policing.
- Ah. that was...
- Exhilarating.
I was gonna say terrifying.
Guess I better get used to that.
You know. when I. uh...
I was first stationed
in Baghdad...
I used to get these headaches.
Took me a few days to realize
it was 'cause my eyes
kept darting around.
looking for trouble.
- That's what it is.
- I didn't stop looking.
but it does stop hurting.
Seven-Adam-15. go to channel two
for Sergeant Grey.
Copy.
- Andersen.
- It worked.
Midas forced Cole
to lift the green light.
I guess you are back to being
just another rookie.
Thank God.
- Thank you. Sergeant.
- My pleasure.
So. does that mean
this little Odd Couple
partnership is over?
Hell no!
We got a burglary call to take.
Seven-Adam-15. show us Code Six
on the burglary call.
Be advised.
we have an open door.
Going in to clear.
Nolan. cover!
Hey. there!
Look who's awake.
Packs quite a kick. doesn't it?
It's got four times the voltage
as LAPD uses.
Could probably...
cook the eyeball
right out of your skull.
Okay. look. look.
I did not intend
- to disrespect Astrid. okay?
- Or you. okay?
And I would be happy
to apologize.
Too late for that now.
Only way this ends.
is with you dead.
Yeah. I uh...
I'd heard that you were dumb
but...
it is shocking to see it
in person.
- Dumb?
- Dumb.
Who lured you into an ambush
with a false surrender?
Does your father know
that it was false?
Huh? Junior?
I can't imagine
that revelation's
gonna go too well. huh?
I think it'll go fine.
Oh. he's dumber than I thought.
What's my rank?
- What?
- What is my rank?
Come on. you're the leader
of the sixth-largest gang
in all of California.
Surely you can tell
from my uniform what rank I am.
Who the hell cares?
You're going to.
See. it's one thing
to put a hit out on a rookie.
- no offense.
- None taken.
But two bars?
Oh. for crying out loud.
And a badge that says Captain?
You've just crossed a line
that anybody with half a brain
would run screaming from.
A line that even your father
might whack you for crossing.
Understood?
So. let me tell you
how this is gonna go.
You and your little goonies
are gonna...
No! Hey. Cole!
Hurt me! Right? Don't...
I'm the one you wanna hurt.
right?
Killing me. that's trouble
you can handle. okay?
But not her.
You need to let her go.
- Do you think I'm dumb. too?
- No.
No.
- No!
No! No! No!
If the line's already
been crossed.
then there's no going back.
Which means neither of you
are walking out of here.
As long as your bodies
never turn up.
the murder can't be pinned
on me.
- No. you're wrong.
- And Southern Front'll weather
the storm.
It's gonna be so much worse.
You need to get her out
of there now.
Hey. listen. What about this?
What if I...
What if I made a video?
I'll apologize to Astrid.
You just have to let her up.
I already told you
that's not gonna work. man.
- It's done.
- Think about it. Me. like this.
And you standing over me?
Come on. she'll eat it up.
You'll get laid for weeks.
- Okay. yeah.
- Okay. Just get her out first.
- Right now!
- No. you gotta make the video
first.
- We're gonna tape... tape it.
- Come on!
Yeah. here.
You recording?
Hey. baby girl. this is for you!
Astrid. I apologize.
I should not
have laid my hands on you.
You deserved more respect
than that. I'm sorry.
- Can we please let her up now?
- Nah. you got to do it again.
You gotta put some feeling
into it. I didn't believe that.
- Come on. man!
- I didn't believe you!
- No!
- Do it again!
Do another take. right now!
Say it with feeling!
No!
No! Cap!
Come on!
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on.
One. two. three.
Come on! There you go. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Oh. come on. come on!
It was Cole.
Officers! Order. arms!
Execution. arms!
I'm so sorry.
You're gonna give up your son.
right now!
- The hell I am!
- He killed my captain!
You got one chance to save him
and what's left
of your operation.
Find out where he is.
and give him to me...
or I'll burn your world to ash.
Thanks.
There'll be time
for grief later.
We have a job to finish.
Midas gave up his son.
We know where he's headed.
Look.
I know what's in your hearts.
What you want to do
more than anything.
I'd be lying if I said
I didn't want it. too.
Word is. you kill a cop.
you never see the inside
of a cell.
But that's...
that's not what Captain Andersen
would want.
Killing this loser
won't honor her memory.
Doing our jobs will.
And we owe it to her.
to do it the right way.
- Agreed?
- Yeah.
All right. let's go.
All units. get ready.
Airship has a visual.
Two minutes out.
You were right. I was selfish.
I got her killed.
No. Don't do that.
Don't make this about you.
She didn't die
because of your choice.
She died doing her job.
the only way she knew how.
You look at it any other way.
you diminish her.
Look. you need to know
that it doesn't matter
what happens next.
whether we arrest this guy.
or we kill him.
- it won't make things better.
- I know that.
No. You only think you do.
Please don't tell me to use it.
the grief or the anger.
to make myself a better cop.
I can't handle that right now.
I wasn't going to. okay?
Grief is grief. it's...
it's a hole
that can't be filled.
But over time.
it'll shrink enough
so that you won't fall in
every time you take a step.
But trust me.
if there's one thing you can use
to make yourself a better cop.
it'll be her life.
not her death.
One minute!
Think this guy'll go down
without a fight?
I hope not.
- Hello?
- Hey.
I heard what happened.
I'm so sorry.
Thanks. I...
I really can't talk right now.
I said a bunch of things
earlier.
They don't really matter
right now.
I wanna be here for you.
I want that. too.
Twenty seconds out. Get ready.
Okay.
I gotta go maybe shoot a guy.
- Call you later.
- What...
Cole Midas.
you are surrounded by the LAPD.
Step out of the vehicle
with your hands in the air.
- I've got a clean shot. Sarge!
- Get out of the damn car. now!
Okay!
I'm getting out! Don't shoot!
Nolan. go arrest that man.
- It shouldn't be him.
- No. it needs to be.
Hands on your head.
Interlace your fingers.
Eyes front. Don't move.
Other hand.
Over here.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
Come on!
We both know I won't live
to stand trial.
Yes. you will.
Because the woman
you killed taught us
it's not our job to punish you.
Just to see to it that you are.
You coming?
- What?
- No. don't...
What the hell is wrong with you?
Captain's dead.
and you're out here
spying on us?
Your watch commander called.
Said his people
were gonna do this right.
wanted to make sure
that we saw it.
Sorry about your captain.
I liked her.
I also trashed
the conduct unbecoming charge.
so...
You were right.
that was bush league.
Good. Wait.
Look. I'm only...
I'm only saying this.
because Andersen
would want me to.
But you were right. too.
I knew Isabel
was using in the end. and...
I didn't say anything because
I was trying to help her.
She was my wife.
How's she doing?
Better. She's clean.
I'm glad.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. for now.
All right. back to work!
What?
First time I met the Captain.
I fell flat on my face.
Bishop and Lopez sent me
to her office.
told me
I needed to introduce myself
- before roll call.
- You got punked.
Yeah.
That's exactly what she said.
Tried to play it off.
but she was
way too smart for that.
Yeah.
She asked for you to be assigned
to Mid-Wilshire. you know that?
No.
Why? She didn't even know me.
She felt your experience
would make you
a valuable addition
to our house.
Guess I got a lot to live up to.
We all do.